Upon loading into the training simulation, the user is greeted with our sponsor's name, The Boeing Company, and the names of the capstone development team.

The user will then engage in grabbing the tablet seated casually on a pedestal in the center of the room 
which provides the user with access to a plethora of options, starting with the customization of the user's height.

They will then have an interactable slider gliding between a range of height values to suit the wearer's needs.

*wait for buttons press*
Upon loading their height, the user can return to their tablet for more Quality of Life options including a motion sickness helper, 
a choice of movement mechanics, and another slider to change the audio levels to their liking.

Once the user has fully customized their experience, they will want to visit our "Sandbox Tutorial" environment to gain a better understanding of how to operate in
this new world.
(ends at 1:05)

Upon loading into this new environment, the user will be greeted with a new tablet, a set of measuring cubes, a few matching boxes to hold the cubes,
and set of interactables including a few bolts, some drillable holes, and practice slabs. Finally, the user will find the three tools we have made accessible.

To get started, the user will grab the new tablet and select the button labelled "Task" to view their series of activities.

Each task will be displayed in detail on the screen of the tablet with buttons for navigation and a "completion" button to mark an individual task as finished.

The first, and most important task, is for the user to gain a better understanding of the simulation's control system. 

By navigating to the button labelled "Controls" in the menu, the user can view an image of the button accompanied with a text description of the action that the
button will accomplish. 

When the user has viewed all twelve of the available controls, they can navigate back to the Task list, mark the first task complete, and proceed to task number two.

In this case, task number two requires the user to measure each of the three cubes on the table, and place them in their appropriately labelled box to the left.
If the user is unsure of the necessary controls for the task, the task description will provide the exact buttons needed for completion.

The user will then be able to measure the cube using the ruler mechanic, pick up the cube, and place it in its correct box. 

The final three tasks will assign the user an activity using each of the three tools located on the side table.

First, the nail gun, for securing objects to a surface, next, the drill, for drilling holes in marked locations on a wood slab, and finally, the torque wrench,
for tightening bolts in place.

When the user has completed all five tasks and learned the mechanics of the training simulation, they will have the ability to stay in the sandbox and practice each
mechanic further, or to proceed to our Tooling Environment to gain a better understanding of each tool's procedure.





